Add EGU 2022 short course to external resources (#1935)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: doc/external_resources.md

## Tutorials

> - [EGU22 SC5.2: Crafting beautiful maps with PyGMT](https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/egu22pygmt) by Wei Ji Leong, Leonardo Uieda, Max Jones, Andre Belem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [2022 EGU SC5.2: Crafting beautiful maps with PyGMT](https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/egu22pygmt) by Wei Ji Leong, Leonardo Uieda, Max Jones, Andre Belem
```
I think this more consistent format with the items below makes it easier to read.
